abandoned,Forladt jernbane
aerodrome,Lufthavn
alcohol,Vinhandel
allotments,Kolonihave
alpine_hut,Alpehytte
apartments,Boligblok
apparel,Tøjbutik
archaeological_site,Arkæologiske område
art,Kunsthandel
arts_centre,Kunstcenter
arts_centre,Kunstcenter
artwork,Kunstværk
atm,Hæveautomat
atm,Hæveautomat
atm,Hæveautomat
attraction,Attraktion
auditorium,Auditorium
bakery,Bager
bank,Bank
bar,Bar
bar,Pub
basin,Bassin
battlefield,Slagmark
bay,Bugt
beach,Strand
beach_resort,Strad resort
beauty,Skønhedssalon
bed_and_breakfast,Bed and Breakfast
bench,Bænk
beverages,Drikkevarebutik
bicycle,Cykelforretning
bicycle_parking,Cykelparkering
bicycle_rental,Cykeludlejning
block,Byggesten
boatyard,Værft
books,Boghandel
boundary_stone,Grænsesten
bridleway,Ridesti
brothel,Bordel
brownfield,Brakjord
building,Bygning
bunker,Bunker
bureau_de_change,Vekselkontor
bus_guideway,Busspor
bus_station,Busstation
bus_stop,Busstoppested
butcher,Slagter
byway,Sidevej
cabin,Hytte
cafe,Café
camp_site,Campingplads
canal,Kanal
cape,Kap
car,Bilforhandler
car_dealer,Bilforhandler
car_parts,Autoreservedele
car_rental,Biludlejning
car_repair,Autoværksted
car_sharing,Delebil
car_sharing,Delebiler
car_wash,Bilvask
caravan_site,campingvognsplads
carpet,Tæppeforretning
casino,Casino
castle,Slot
cave_entrance,Hule indgang
cemetery,Kirkegård
chalet,Udlejningshytte
channel,Kanal
chapel,Kapel
charity,Genbrugsbutik
chemist,Apotek
church,Kirke
cinema,Biograf
city,By
city_hall,Rådhus
cliff,Klippe
clinic,Klinik
clothes,Tøjbutik
club,Klub
coastline,Kystlinje
college,Gymnasium
commercial,Kommercielt område
commercial,Erhvervsbyggeri
common,Fælles jord
community_centre,Medborgerhus
community_centre,Medborgerhus
computer,Computerbutik
confectionery,Konfektureforretning
connector,Vandvejsforbindelse
conservation,Naturbevarelse
construction,Byggeri
construction,Motorvej under opførelse
construction,Jernbane under opførelsen
convenience,Nærbutik
copyshop,Kopicenter
cosmetics,Kosmetikforretning
country,Land
county,Kommune
courthouse,Retsbygning
crater,Krater
crematorium,Krematorium
cycleway,Cykelsti
dam,Dam
dentist,Tandlæge
department_store,Stormagasin
derelict_canal,Forladt kanal
discount,Discountbutik
distance_marker,Kilometersten
disused,Nedlagt jernbane
disused_station,Nedlagt jernbanestation
ditch,Grøft
dock,Dok
doctors,Læge
doityourself,Gør-det-selv
dormitory,Sovesal
drain,Dræn
drinking_water,Drikkevand
driving_school,Køreskole
drugstore,Apotek
dry_cleaning,Renseri
electronics,Elektronik butik
embassy,Ambassade
emergency_access_point,Nødstilfælde punkt
emergency_phone,Nødtelefon
entrance,Indgang
estate_agent,Ejendomsmægler
faculty,Fakultetsbygning
farm,Gård
farm,Landbrugsbygning
farm,Gårdbutik
farmland,Landbrugsjord
farmyard,Gårdsplads
fashion,Modebutik
fast_food,Fast Food
fast_food,Fødevarer
feature,Funktion
fell,Fjeld
ferry_terminal,Færgeterminal
fire_hydrant,Brandhane
fire_station,Brandstation
fish,Fiskehandler
fishing,Fiskeriområde
fjord,Fjord
flats,Lejligheder
florist,Blomsterhandler
food,Købmand
footway,Gangsti
ford,Vadested
forest,Skov
fountain,Springvand
fuel,Brændstof
fuel,Tankstation
fuel,Brændstof
fuel,Benzintank
fuel,Benzin
fuel,Benzintank
funeral_directors,Bedemand
funicular,Kabelbane
furniture,Møbler
gallery,Galleri
garage,Garage
garden,Have
garden_centre,Havecenter
garden_centre,Havecentre
gate,Port
general,Supermarked
geyser,Gejser
gift,Gavebutik
glacier,Gletscher
golf_course,Golfbane
grass,Græs
grave_yard,Kirkegård
greenfield,Byggemodning
greengrocer,Grønthandler
grocery,Købmandsbutik
guest_house,Pensionat
gym,Trænings-og motionscenter
gym,Trænings-og motionscentre
gym,Gymnastiksal
hackerspace,Hackerspace
hairdresser,Frisør
hall,Hal
halt,Trinbrædt
hamlet,Landsby
hardware,Isenkræmmer
health_centre,Sundhedscenter
health_centre,Sundhedscentre
heath,Hede
hifi,Hi-Fi
hill,Bakke
historic_station,Historisk jernbanestation
hospital,Hospital
hospital,Hospitalsbygning
hostel,Vandrerhjem
hotel,Hotel
house,Hus
houses,Huse
hunting_stand,Jagtstand
ice_cream,Is
ice_rink,Skøjtebane
icon,Ikon
industrial,Industriområde
industrial,Industribygning
information,Turistinformation
insurance,Forsikring
island,Ø
islet,Holm
jewelry,Smykkeforretning
junction,Jernbaneknudepunkt
kindergarten,Børnehave
kiosk,Kiosk
land,Jord
landfill,Losseplads
laundry,Vaskeri
lean_to,Åben læ
level_crossing,Jernbaneoverskæring
library,Bibliotek
light_rail,Letbane
living_street,Vilavej
locality,Lokalitet
lock,Lås
lock_gate,Sluseport
mall,Butikscenter
manor,Landsted
marina,Marina
market,Marked
marketplace,Markedsplads
marsh,Marsk
meadow,Eng
memorial,Mindesmærke
military,Militærområde
mine,Mine
mineral_spring,Mineralsk kilde
miniature_golf,Minigolf
minor,Mindre vej
mobile_phone,Mobiltelefon butik
monorail,Monorail
monument,Monument
moor,Hede
mooring,Fortøjning
motel,Motel
motorcycle,Motorcykel butik
motorway,Motorvej
motorway_junction,Motorvejskryds
motorway_link,Motorvej
mountain,Bjerg
mountain_rescue,Redningstjeneste
mud,Mudder
municipality,Kommune
museum,Museum
music,Musik butik
narrow_gauge,Smalsporet jernbane
narrow_gauge,Smalsporede jernbaner
nature_reserve,Naturreservat
nature_reserve,Naturreservater
newsagent,Kiosk
newsagent,Kiosker
nightclub,Natklub
nightclub,Natklubber
nursery,Børnehaver
nursery,Børnehave
nursery,Børnehaver
nursing_home,Plejehjem
nursing_home,Plejehjem
office,Kontor
office,Kontorbygning
optician,Optiker
organic,Økologisk fødevarebutik
outdoor,Fritidsudstyr
park,Park
parking,Parkering
path,Sti
peak,Bjergtop
pedestrian,Gågade
pet,Dyrehandel
pharmacy,Apotek
photo,Fotohandler
picnic_site,Skovtur/rasteplads
piste,Piste
pitch,Boldbane
place_of_worship,Kirke
place_of_worship,Sted for tilbedelse
platform,Perron
platform,Jernbane perron
playground,Legeplads
plaza,Plads
point,Punkt
police,Politi
post_box,Postboks
post_office,Posthus
postcode,Postnummer
preschool,Børnehaveklasse
preserved,Veteranjernbane
primary,Primær veje
primary_link,Primær veje
prison,Fængsel
pub,Bar
pub,Pub
public,Offentlig bygning
public_building,Offentlig bygning
public_market,Offentligt marked
quarry,Stenbrud
raceway,Vædeløbsbane
railway,Jernbane
rapids,Strømfald
reception_area,Receptionsområde
recreation_ground,Rekreativt område
recycling,Genbrugsstation
reef,Rev
region,Region
reservoir,Reservoir
residential,Boligområde
residential,Boligområde
residential,Beboelsesejendom
residential,Villavej
rest_area,Rasteplads
rest_area,Rasteplads
restaurant,Fødevarer
restaurant,Restaurant
retail,Butiksområde
retail,Butiksbygning
retirement_home,Alderdomshjem
ridge,Højderyg
river,Flod
riverbank,Flodbred
road,Vej
rock,Klippe
ruins,Ruin
salon,Salon
sauna,Sauna
school,Skole
school,Skolebygning
scree,Urer
scrub,Krat
sea,Hav
secondary,Bivej
secondary_link,Bivej
service,Servicevej
services,Motorvejsrasteplads
services,Motorvejsrasteplads
shelter,Shelter
shoal,Sandbanke
shoes,Skobutik
shop,Butik
shopping,Butik
shopping_centre,Butikscenter
shopping_centre,Butikscentre
slipway,Slæbested
social_club,Social klub
sports,Sportsforretning
sports_centre,Sportscenter
spring,Kilde
spur,Jernbanespor
stadium,Stadium
state,Stat
station,Banegård
station,Station
stationery,Papirvareforretning
steps,Trappe
stile,Stente
store,Butik
strait,Strædet
stream,Bæk
studio,Studio
subdivision,Inddeling
suburb,Forstad
subway,Metrostation
subway_entrance,Metro indgang
supermarket,Supermarked
swimming_pool,Svømmepøl
switch,5375
taxi,Taxi
taxi,Taxaholdeplads
telephone,Telefonboks
telephone,Offentlige telefon
telephone,Telefon
terrace,Terrasse
tertiary,Tertiær vej
theatre,Teater
theme_park,Forlystelsespark
toilets,Toilet
tower,Tårn
town,By
townhall,Rådhus
toys,Legetøjsbutik
track,Løbebane
track,Markvej
trail,Spor
train_station,Banegård
train_station,Banegård
tram,Sporvogn
tram_stop,Sporvognsstoppestedet
travel_agency,Rejsebureau
tree,Træ
trunk,Motortrafikvej
trunk_link,Motortrafikvej tilkørsel
unclassified,Landevej
unincorporated_area,Personligt område
university,Universitet
university,Universitetetsbygning
unsurfaced,Ikke asfalterede vej
valley,Dal
vending_machine,Automat
veterinary,Dyrlæge
video,Videobutik
viewpoint,Udsigtspunkt
village,Landsby
village_green,Brønt område
village_hall,Forsamlingshus
vineyard,Vingård
volcano,Vulkan
wadi,Udtørret flodleje
waste_basket,Affaldskurv
waste_basket,Affaldsspand
waste_basket,Skraldespand
water,Vand
water_park,Vandland
water_point,Vendeplads
waterfall,Vandfald
wayside_cross,Vejside kors
wayside_shrine,Vejkants alter
weir,Stemmeværk
wetland,Vådområde
wetlands,Vådområder
wifi,WiFi
wifi,WiFi Adgang
wifi,WiFi Punkt
windmill,Vindmølle
wine,Vinhandel
wood,Naturlig skov
wreck,Vrag
yard,Rangerterræn
yes,Bygning
youth_centre,Ungdomcenter
youth_centre,Ungdomscenter
zoo,Zoologisk have
